Kim Lip: Hi guys!
Kim Lip: We're on the our way to the next shooting site, Seoul!
Kim Lip: JinSoul
Kim Lip: Did you have fun today?!
JinSoul: Yes!
Kim Lip: Did you do well?
JinSoul: I don't know
Kim Lip: You will do better at the next site, right?
JinSoul: Yes~!
Kim Lip: I hope you'll do well, JinSoul!!
Kim Lip: And on the road, we are going to...
JinSoul: Eating agian?
Kim Lip: Yeah, right!
(SEOUL! Go Go!!)
(This is the studio which is located in Seoul!)
JinSoul: This is the last shooting site for today!
JinSoul: It's so beautiful
JinSoul: There's a motorcycle!
Kim Lip: Try riding!
Kim Lip: It's too low! Is it supposed to be like this?
(No. It's just a replica of a motorcycle)
(It's a typewriter)
Kim Lip: THIS IS THE SHOOTING SITE... And... exclamation mark!
JinSoul: Wow
JinSoul: What a good mood!
JinSoul: Are you came alone?
(JinSoul's unexpected talent!!)
Kim Lip: No! I shouldn't drink... Because I'm still high school senior!